Navy order orders are authorized through the orders. And so they're they're
paid for by your your detailer. Any stops in between are covered
for that, um, the big kicker that you We have to realize that once
we execute those orders that as soon as we get to our location that
we go into our DTs and we make sure that everything is, um, taken
care of if we received a d l A or advance, um, types of pay that those
are all accounted for and accepted. And you really wanna liquefy
all of our things within 10 days that you get there in order to make
sure that there's no overpayments and make sure that and to make sure
that you've got all the money that is owed to you